[Git deploy]: Handle a shallow error (#1200)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/platform/deployment/2000-01-01-deploy-with-git.md

  in any other way (GitLab / GitHub integration, archive, ...) the changes made
  to your code won't be available.
{% endnote %}

### Shallow Error

Currently, Scalingo does not support update of shallowed repository (i.e. from a `git push`).
The shallow error means that the pushed repository on Scalingo does not contains all its history.
The error can happen whether you are pushing from your workstation or from an online worker.

> It is often the result of a clone with the Git parameter `--depth`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is often the result of a clone with the Git parameter `--depth`.
```

  in any other way (GitLab / GitHub integration, archive, ...) the changes made
  to your code won't be available.
{% endnote %}

### Shallow Error

Currently, Scalingo does not support update of shallowed repository (i.e. from a `git push`).

> The `shallow error` means that the pushed repository on Scalingo does not contains all its history.

Reviewer: You write `shallow error`as if it's a quote of an error message. But it does not look like a quote of an error message, is it?

Author: Yes you're right

The error can happen whether you are pushing from your workstation or from an online worker.

> It is often the result of a clone with the Git parameter `--depth`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is often the result of a clone with the Git parameter `--depth=1`.
```

Author: Any number is enough to make the repository a shallowed repo, that is why I didn't precise it.
Do you think it can lead to confusion to leave the 1 ?

> To be able to push the modifications, you need first to `unshallow` the repository.

Reviewer: I don't see why "unshallow" should be surrounded with antiquotes?
```suggestion
To be able to push the modifications, you need to first unshallow the repository.
```

> To do so, please follow the instructions below.

Reviewer: I'm unsure "to do so" is good English 🤔 

```suggestion
For that purpose, please follow the instructions below.
```

#### From Your Environment:

You need to get all the repository history with the command:

```bash

> git fetch origin YOUR_BRANCH --unshallow

Reviewer: `master` is the branch 99% of the time, isn't it?
```suggestion
git fetch origin master --unshallow
```

```

Then retry to push your code with:

```bash
git push scalingo master
```

#### From the Continuous Integration

Some CI offers you the possibility to disable shallow repository by disabling
the parameter `depth` from configuration file.

- with travis:

  ```yml
  # .travis.yml
  git:
    depth: false
  ```

> - with Gitlab CI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- with GitLab CI:
```

  ```yml
  # .gitlab-ci.yml
  variables:
    GIT_DEPTH: 0
  ```

> If the problem persist, you must surely run the following Git command once:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the problem persists, you must surely run the following Git command once:
```

```bash

> git fetch origin YOUR_BRANCH --unshallow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git fetch origin master --unshallow
```
